feat: support event bridge (#4188)
philips-labs/terraform-aws-github-runner: modules/webhook/README.md

> This module is treated as internal module, breaking changes will not trigger a major release bump.

> Th module can be deployed in two modes. Direct messages, are delivered directly to the runner queues. EventBridge messages are delivered to an EventBridge bus and then dispatched to the runner queues.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The module can be deployed in two modes. 'Direct' messages, are delivered directly to the runner queues. 'EventBridge' messages are delivered to an EventBridge bus and then dispatched to the runner queues.
```

| [aws_apigatewayv2_integration.webhook](https://registry.terraform.io/providers/hashicorp/aws/latest/docs/resources/apigatewayv2_integration) | resource |
| [aws_apigatewayv2_route.webhook](https://registry.terraform.io/providers/hashicorp/aws/latest/docs/resources/apigatewayv2_route) | resource |
| [aws_apigatewayv2_stage.webhook](https://registry.terraform.io/providers/hashicorp/aws/latest/docs/resources/apigatewayv2_stage) | resource |
| [aws_ssm_parameter.runner_matcher_config](https://registry.terraform.io/providers/hashicorp/aws/latest/docs/resources/ssm_parameter) | resource |

## Inputs

| Name | Description | Type | Default | Required |
|------|-------------|------|---------|:--------:|
| <a name="input_aws_partition"></a> [aws\_partition](#input\_aws\_partition) | (optional) partition for the base arn if not 'aws' | `string` | `"aws"` | no |

> | <a name="input_eventbridge"></a> [eventbridge](#input\_eventbridge) | Enable the use of EventBridge by the module. By enable this feature events will be putted on the EventBridge bhy the<br/>    webhook instead of directly dispatchting to queues for sacling.<br/><br/>    `enable`: Enable the EventBridge feature.<br/>    `accept_events`: List can be used to only allow specific events to be putted on the EventBridge. By default all events, empty list will be be interpreted as all events. | <pre>object({<br/>    enable        = optional(bool, false)<br/>    accept_events = optional(list(string), null)<br/>  })</pre> | n/a | yes |

Reviewer: ```suggestion
| <a name="input_eventbridge"></a> [eventbridge](#input\_eventbridge) | Enable the use of EventBridge by the module. By enabling this feature, events will be put on the EventBridge by the webhook instead of directly dispatching to queues for scaling.<br/><br/>    `enable`: Enable the EventBridge feature.<br/>    `accept_events`: List can be used to only allow specific events to be putted on the EventBridge. By default all events, empty list will be be interpreted as all events. | <pre>object({<br/>    enable        = optional(bool, false)<br/>    accept_events = optional(list(string), null)<br/>  })</pre> | n/a | yes |
```
